Custom layout update with XML and admin (#6302)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/product-layouts.md

`wishlist_index_configure_type_downloadable.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to `downloadable` product only
`wishlist_index_configure_type_grouped.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to `grouped` product only
`wishlist_index_configure_type_simple.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to `simple` product only

> You can use custom layout either the design handle for the specific `SKU` or product `ID` or the Layout Update `XM` field in the admin panel for that product.

Reviewer: Hi @abrarpathan19. This information with examples is already present in the [following](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-manage.html#create-cms-pageproductcategory-specific-layouts) topic. If you think that it might be useful for a reader, you can leave a reference here that says something like the following one:

```markdown
For setting a custom layout that depends product id on SKU or ID, check the following topic
```

Author: Hello @rogyar I have updated requested changes, please review

> For setting a custom layout that depends product id on SKU or ID, check the [following topic]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-manage.html#create-cms-pageproductcategory-specific-layouts).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For setting a custom layout on specific category, product, and CMS pages, see [Common layout customization tasks]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-manage.html#create-cms-pageproductcategory-specific-layouts).
```
